Documentation and Cros Proxy option (#9)
italia/openid-federation-browser: SETUP.md

You can find the path searching for the configuration contained in /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/ where the filename matches your domain.
You will find the html path under the "root" option like this example:

```
server {
        listen 80;
        listen [::]:80;

        root /var/www/your_domain/html;
        index index.html index.htm index.nginx-debian.html;

        server_name your_domain www.your_domain;

        location / {
                try_files $uri $uri/ =404;
        }
}
```

You can copy the content of the directory "build" inside the html one.

## CORS restriction
To run every the app without cors restriction you have two possibilities: one is to install any browser plug-in that suppresses CORS such as "CORS Everywere" for Firefox or use a self hosted or remote cors proxy server.

### Nginx as a Forwarder Proxy
Nginx can be used as a forward proxy on the same host using adding a server or a route that handle the traffic.
Below you can find an example of configuration that exposes the port 8888 to proxy the traffic.
```
server {
    listen 8888;

    location / {
        resolver 8.8.8.8;

        proxy_pass $arg_url;
    }
}
```

> An example url of proxied GET request using this configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example url of proxied GET request using a preselected Trust Anchor Entity Configuration:
```
